README.md, before:

# find-my-ip-address

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Run Headed Component Tests with [Cypress Component Testing](https://on.cypress.io/component)

```sh
pnpm test:unit:dev # or `pnpm test:unit` for headless testing
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
pnpm test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.
It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
pnpm build
pnpm test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
pnpm lint
```

Commit message:

feat: add leafnet package for map feat: create env file with env variable for geo localize service chore: add design folder with preview images of the project and style guide

README.md, after:

# find-my-ip-address

It's just a project to learn Vuejs, that's it. :) 

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Run Headed Component Tests with [Cypress Component Testing](https://on.cypress.io/component)

```sh
pnpm test:unit:dev # or `pnpm test:unit` for headless testing
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
pnpm test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.
It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
pnpm build
pnpm test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
pnpm lint
```
